For EmberTimes No. 92: Contributor Interview (#51)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-04-05-the-ember-times-issue-92.md

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)
<change section title emoji>
<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## ["I contribute to Ember" with Chris Garrett 💬](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/i-contribute-to-ember-with-chris-garrett/16395)

<div class="float-right padded portrait-frame">
  <img alt="Chris Garrett" title="Chris Garrett - Contributor to Ember" src="/images/blog/emberjstimes/pzuraq.jpg" />
</div>

> In the 9th edition of the contributor interview series, community member **Chris Garrett**, also known as [@pzuraq](https://github.com/pzuraq) talks about his story getting involved with working on **native classes** and **decorators** in Ember and why everyone in the community is eager to help **make your contribution** a real **success** as well ✨

Reviewer: @jessica-jordan I think your section looks good overall (it's interesting to see how we use Markdown!). This sentence may be long and could be divided into two? How about,

In the 9th edition of the contributor interview series, community member **Chris Garrett**, also known as [@pzuraq](https://github.com/pzuraq), shares his story of getting involved with **native classes** and **decorators** in Ember. Chris also explains why everyone in the community is eager to help **make your contribution** a real **success** ✨

Cheers,

Author: ```suggestion
In the 9th edition of the contributor interview series, community member **Chris Garrett**, also known as [@pzuraq](https://github.com/pzuraq), talks about his story getting involved with **native classes** and **decorators** in Ember. Chris also explains why everyone in the community is eager to help **make your contribution** a real **success** as well ✨
```

> In the 9th edition of the contributor interview series, community member **Chris Garrett**, also known as [@pzuraq](https://github.com/pzuraq) talks about his story getting involved with working on **native classes** and **decorators** in Ember and why everyone in the community is eager to help **make your contribution** a real **success** as well ✨

Reviewer 2: Looks ✨ !!!

I would consider adding a comma after the reference to the pzuraq handle and link or moving the comma trailing Chris Garrett to after the handle and link and putting that and the `also known as` in parens.

Author: ```suggestion
In the 9th edition of the contributor interview series, community member **Chris Garrett** (also known as [@pzuraq](https://github.com/pzuraq)) talks about his story getting involved with working on **native classes** and **decorators** in Ember and why everyone in the community is eager to help **make your contribution** a real **success** as well ✨
```

> In the 9th edition of the contributor interview series, community member **Chris Garrett** (also known as [@pzuraq](https://github.com/pzuraq)) talks about his story getting involved with working on **native classes** and **decorators** in Ember and why everyone in the community is eager to help **make your contribution** a real **success** as well ✨

Author: ```suggestion
In the 9th edition of the contributor interview series, community member **Chris Garrett**, also known as [@pzuraq](https://github.com/pzuraq), talks about his story getting involved with **native classes** and **decorators** in Ember. Chris also explains why everyone in the community is eager to help **make your contribution** a real **success** as well ✨
```
